Welcome to another video!
channel challenge
Today 's theme is 10 things we do
while we play league of snows
first thing to go to the bathroom
if you tell me you've never been to
I'll tell the bathroom that it's a lie.
because I think the saw is more common and it is
the main one also because everyone already
was the bathroom necessary or while
when he died and when the
blow never punished two talk on the phone
with more than this link does not look like
happens a lot and usually the staff
that works that they stay there talking
with the boss he threw a thing
different kind of work even when
so distracted and talking things without
notion teacher gives the phone she stays
taught me the source who explained that the
forming but is actually playing
It is administered at the same time
three fiddle in the api just use Basque
never for people but you stay
there in the afro j group suddenly in the middle
he starts to paint without stopping.
those are there motherfucker who does not
stay all day, you 're going to play the whole game
the game he starts to do that
vocation them message then this is more
common for us but it bothers
also because the person talks to me
when he looks to die with the face of evil
washed and 4 respond to someone who is
this one fits most with the staff
which is in the same environment as the people
huh
I'm talking there talking about
Suddenly parents 5 or gay music is so
I do not even need to comment on it for me either.
speech
of dance
also now if they lose with you love
beautiful and box here
ae
It was late, I do not know how to stay on facebook.
many people do not have a computer
But this without doing this is to open the
facebook water color is that the game
here and follow alternating tabith discarded
Angle starting in the car itself getting
According face no exit agreement made after
because I do not go out bronze either
Sergio studying the famous study is picking up
that book that the teacher had a
within a month for the law you get
last day to read
then you take a phrase absolutely everything
tired it and will prolong sharing
after the departure you come second reading
stage and so on until you complete your 40
eight years old car with someone who does not
is playing
I do not know if this applies to you anymore.
I run a lot because usually O
with people who are at home or with
people who know me this call I
I have to get the animal on the farm
It sucks and it's just that I'm a girl.
It's been a while for your teams to scream.
or those you are going to take in the middle of
I love you, my love.
food generally when you are alone
no other option is static and it's over
solving today knew that the most
easy it has a mark because then it
talk and turn on the water, huh?
and will roll for a match there in the middle
of the square if you remember that it had
water to that pot then you get it there
game has learned everything goes there and makes tip
There is a pan davi snake to sit there
a while back and take back
when bethânia means the water and
I put it on today, it leaves when it
You remember that it's still there and you
you get another Olympic test of the
10 eat
sure this is the most done option
for all of us that everyone eats
learning pc and that's why I paid for
fucking in this world that not only ahead
bc even when you go out to seek
How fucking the food is?
but certainly this option more
used by all players
jiló and this when they do not use it like
sorry for the bonus die or stay is
stay a good time capital with baby
remembering that not everything that is in that
topic is carried out by all
players
We hope you comment here.
But for us to know what it is that
You do here is not written to see.
if I were to write and share the
channel with friends and take a look at the
channel of the partners who are here
downstairs and reception and takes the opportunity to
that video liquid because it helps
enough
I hope to see you in the next video too.